https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/fruit--vegetables/fresh-fruit?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/fruit--vegetables/fresh-vegetables?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/fruit--vegetables/prepacked-fresh-fruit?pg=1 categories=fresh-fruit
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/fruit--vegetables/prepacked-fresh-vegetables?pg=1 categories=fresh-vegetables
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/fruit--vegetables/salad-bags?pg=1

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bakery/biscuits--slices?pg=1 categories=biscuits
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bakery/bread-rolls--buns?pg=1 categories=bread,bread-rolls
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bakery/fresh-breads--rolls?pg=1 categories=bread

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bulk--loose-foods/bulk-dried-fruit?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bulk--loose-foods/bulk-nuts?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/bulk--loose-foods/bulk-snacks--mixes?pg=1

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/fresh-sausages?pg=1 categories=sausages
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/fresh-beef--lamb?pg=1 categories=beef-lamb
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/fresh-chicken--poultry?pg=1 categories=chicken
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/fresh-pork?pg=1 categories=pork
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/precooked-sausages?pg=1 categories=sausages
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/prepacked-beef--lamb?pg=1 categories=beef-lamb
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/prepacked-chicken--poultry?pg=1 categories=chicken
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/prepacked-pork?pg=1 categories=pork
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/butchery/prepacked-sausages?pg=1 categories=sausages

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/eggs?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/butter--spreads?pg=1 categories=butter-spreads
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/fresh-milk?pg=1 categories=milk
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/fresh-cream?pg=1 categories=cream
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/long-life-milk--milk-powder?pg=1 categories=long-life-milk
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/dairy--lactose-free?pg=1 categories=alternative-milk
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/dairy--eggs/yoghurt--dairy-food?pg=1 categories=yoghurt

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/bacon?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/chilled-pies--pastries?pg=1 categories=pies-sausage-rolls
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/continental-sausage--salami?pg=1 categories=salami
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/deli-meats?pg=1 categories=salami
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/deli-salads?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/dips-pesto--pate?pg=1
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/ham--pork?pg=1 categories=ham
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/deli-salads--cooked-meats/precooked-chicken--poultry?pg=1 categories=chicken

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/seafood/fresh-smoked-fish?pg=1 categories=fresh-seafood
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/seafood/frozen-fish--seafood?pg=1 categories=fresh-seafood
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/fresh-foods-and-bakery/seafood/fresh-shellfish?pg=1 categories=fresh-seafood

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/cheese/cheese-blocks?pg=1 categories=cheese
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/desserts/ice-cream--frozen-yoghurt?pg=1 categories=ice-cream
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/frozen-foods/frozen-fries--potatoes?pg=1 categories=frozen-chips
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/frozen-foods/frozen-beef-lamb--pork?pg=1 categories=frozen-beef-lamb
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/frozen-foods/frozen-chicken--poultry?pg=1 categories=frozen-chicken
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/chilled-frozen-and-desserts/frozen-foods/frozen-pizza--bases?pg=1 categories=pizza

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/pantry/confectionery/chocolate-blocks?pg=1 categories=chocolate

https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/pets/pet-supplies/cat-food?pg=1 categories=cat-food
https://www.paknsave.co.nz/shop/category/pets/pet-supplies/cat-treats?pg=1 categories=cat-food,cat-treats